Cosmetic changes (#142)
microsoft/alguidelines: content/docs/BestPractices/CustomTelemetry/index.md

To make it easy for the consumer of telemetry to work with the data, please

- use **PascalCasing**. This makes all fields in Application Insights look the same (signal logged through the AL LogMessage method will have "al" prefixed to dimension names.

> - **Don't use special characters or spaces** for fields/custom dimension keys. This makes the KQL queries so much easier to write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do n0t use special characters or spaces** for fields/custom dimension keys. This makes the KQL queries so much easier to write
```

## Objects emitting telemetry signals

Telemetry data includes information about the object that emitted the telemetry signal. It's recommended to call Session.LogMessage() **from within the object** that causes a situation that you want to have telemetry for. That will make it easier to analyze where exactly in the code an issue occurred.

Of course it is possible to have a single object as a central place to emit telemetry signals. The telemetry data includes a callstack, so eventually it would be possible to trace back to the exact place where an issue occurred. But that requires a more complicated query, so it would be better to emit telemetry signals right from place in the code where an issue occurred.

## Candidate data for telemetry

> Telemetry must be **actionable** for the customer. Do not emit signals that they cannot act on (knowing about CPU performance counters on the database is useless if the partner cannot scale the database)

Reviewer 2: Period missing in the end.
